Add the user workload monitoring documentation (#18788)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-examining-metrics-as-a-developer.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * monitoring/cluster-monitoring/examining-cluster-metrics.adoc

[id="examining-metrics-as-a-developer_{context}"]
= Examining metrics as a developer

> You might enable user workload monitoring for an application or service in a project. In that case, a developer of that project can examine the exposed custom metrics using the Developer Perspective in the Web console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a developer one can enable user workload monitoring for an application or service in a project. As an admin you use the same feature to enable monitoring for infrastructure workloads. In that case, a developer or admin of that project can examine the exposed metrics using the Developer Perspective in the Web console.
```

Author: Committed, but this sentence seems out of place:
"As an admin you use the same feature to enable monitoring for infrastructure workloads."
Why are we putting the information pertaining to _infrastructure_ workloads when this "Examining metrics as a developer" module and the outer section "User workload monitoring" pertains only to _user_ workloads? Plus, does the administrator actually need to enable monitoring for infrastructure workloads?

Author: Never mind the previous comment. Suggestion implemented.

:FeatureName: Examining metrics using the Developer Perspective
include::modules/technology-preview.adoc[leveloffset=+0]

.Procedure

> . Open the {product-title} Web console, switch to the Developer Perspective, and navigate to the *Advanced* -> *Metrics* page. Select the project where the user workload resides.

Reviewer 2: This is similar to what described at https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/18788/files#diff-7c513e88469df85781bf83a97b00688aR21. Any reason why we have this duplication?

Author: You are right, deleted the redundancy in modules/monitoring-examining-metrics-as-a-developer.adoc.
